Improve ROOT_PATH documentation (#13)
dbcls/sparql-proxy: README.md

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

## Install and Run

    $ git clone git@github.com:dbcls/sparql-proxy.git
    $ cd sparql-proxy
    $ npm install

(Be patient, `npm install` may take a few minutes)

Then, start SPARQL-proxy:

    $ PORT=3000 SPARQL_BACKEND=http://example.com/sparql ADMIN_USER=admin ADMIN_PASSWORD=password npm start

Open `http://localhost:3000/` on your browser.

Dashboard for administrators is at `http://localhost:3000/admin` .

### Deploy under a subdirectory

> If you want to deploy SPARQL-proxy under a subdirectory (say, `/foo/`), pass the directory via `ROOT_PATH` to `npm install` and `npm start`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to deploy SPARQL-proxy under a subdirectory (say, `/foo/`), pass the directory via `ROOT_PATH` to both `npm install` and `npm start`:
```

    $ ROOT_PATH=/foo/ npm install
    $ ROOT_PATH=/foo/ PORT=3000 SPARQL_BACKEND=http://example.com/sparql ADMIN_USER=admin ADMIN_PASSWORD=password npm start

(Note that `ROOT_PATH` must end with `/`.)

> In this case, configure the reverse proxy by Nginx as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up your reverse proxy to direct requests to the SPARQL-proxy. If you're using Nginx, configure it as follows:
```
